website/blogs: blog about sso tax (#7202)
goauthentik/authentik: website/blog/2023-10-18-taxed-out-of-security/item.md

A baseline feature is turned into a revenue-generation tool often far out of step with its actual maintenance costs.  “If your SSO support is a 10% price hike,” Chahin writes, “you’re not on this list. But these percentage increases are not maintenance costs, they’re revenue generation because you know your customers have no good options.”

Research from Grip, an identity risk management company, shows how the [lack of good options](https://www.grip.security/blog/why-sso-doesnt-protect-80-of-your-saas) plays out. Grip’s research shows that 80% of the SaaS applications employees use are not in their companies’ SSO portals. In their interviews with CISOs, SSO licensing costs – i.e., the SSO tax – were the top reason.

The same logic that applies to the SSO tax also applies to two other security taxes: the MFA tax and the user tax.

Security experts widely agree that SSO is essential for security, but multi-factor authentication is more basic still, making the act of charging extra for MFA even more egregious. But, as we saw in the intro, companies like Box charge extra for multiple authentication methods.

> The user tax is more subtle. Companies are charging a user tax when they charge exorbitant amounts more per additional user that customers feel motivated to share the credentials to one account. To be clear, many companies charge on a per-user or per-seat basis (including Authentik), so you can’t call it a tax until the additional costs really become exorbitant.

Reviewer: I don't think I could diagram that second sentence.  It doesn't structure in my head well.

Author: Which sentence exactly do you wnat edited, @kensternberg-authentik ?

> The user tax is more subtle. Companies are charging a user tax when they charge exorbitant amounts more per additional user that customers feel motivated to share the credentials to one account. To be clear, many companies charge on a per-user or per-seat basis (including Authentik), so you can’t call it a tax until the additional costs really become exorbitant.

Author: ```suggestion
The user tax is more subtle. When companies charge excessive amounts per-user to secure those users' accounts, users must either choose to pay the security tax or engage in the highly insecure practice of sharing credentials among several individuals. To be clear, many companies charge on a per-user or per-seat basis (including Authentik), so you can’t call it a tax until the additional costs really become exorbitant.
```

Author: Thanks to @kensternberg-authentik for the rewrite here!
